hello hello come on in hi how are you
I'm fine what is your name
Jeannie hi Jeannie I'm Charles Charles
welcome thanks all right so we brought
you here to show you a new product it's
a video game that's in development okay
and I'd love to get your honest opinion
we're going to put game footage on the
center monitor it's the genie it's the
genie show okay all right here we go no
that's scary
okay that scared me and that's icky
oh my gosh that part right there
first of all vomiting I have a hard time
with and I don't understand what's
coming out of their mouth oh my god did
you like that they're not babies at all
this is just absolutely horrifying this
game is very confusing very bloody yeah
relentless would you like me to play
more or have you had enough oh I am done
that thing is a kicky right there yep
thank you very much is this is that bad
I'm just a family person I may have a
nightmare over that thank you Mary okay
your mom hates dead space too
you